1. Why are you applying for Financial Aid?

I am a resident of India. I am a student of IIIT Allahabad. My father works on a small shop and mother is a housewife.
Our annual income is very low, it hardly makes us to meet our daily needs. Financial condition worsened when pandemic hit last year, i had to take a year drop because could not provide the fees of college.
I think it will be beneficial for me to get into the firm as an intern. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course.
In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs.
I really need this financial aid. Receiving this Financial Aid will help me get the certificate of completion of course from a reputed Institute which will help me build a better resume.


2. How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?

I want to take this course as I want to deeply learn Matlab. I want to complete the course because i have keep interest in matlab and its application and also that I can put a good CV to get applied to a job. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors.
A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. The field of software technology is becoming saturated, and industries are now placing a high level of importance on specialisation.
This course is suggested by one of my seniors. Getting certification on this course not only help me to stand out among thousands but also help my resume get shortlisted and get high pay job as engineer and scientist in companies which are using matlab. There is a lot of potential and scope in this career opportunity.


3. If you answered no, please help us understand why?

As i already described above, financial status of my family is not good. It is not possible for me to pay back even low interest loan is provided because there is too much burden on my father that he pays for my college fees with great difficulty, it will not be possible for him to add another burden on himself.
So, please provide me the course for free. However, i can pay back when i get a job.
